Does the project appear to meet the technical requirements? Write up one sentence on your findings and give a score 0-3.

Is your peer making API calls, using SDK's/third-party libraries? 
    Not at the moment, but I'm certain that Jamie will be doing that
Is your peer making use of Services? If so, are they offloading long tasks to a separate thread, i.e. AsyncTask, Runnable, IntentService, etc.
    Not at the moment
Is your peer making use of Fragments? If so, are they passing data from Fragment to Activity via interfaces? If not, why did absense of Fragments make sense?
    Not at the moment
Is your peer making use of RecyclerView? If so, does it appear to be working correctly ( implementation and otherwise )?
    Yes, but at the moment, the recyclerView has no functionality 
Is your peer making use of some sort of persistent storage, i.e. Firebase or SQLite? If so, why do you think Firebase/SQLite was chosen? Could they have used one or the other instead and why?
    Not at this stage.





2. Does the project appear to be creative, innovative, and different from any competition? Write up one sentence on your findings and give a score 0-3.

    Hard to tell at this stage. I'm guessing that Jamie is making a Recipie app. I can't tell how this app, when its done, is creative, innovative, and different from any competition.. All I know is that there are a lot of recipie apps out on the market..sorry jamie, but I have to give you 0 points 

Is your peer making use of proper UX patterns we learned in class? If not, what are they doing that is unconvetional or that might confuse a user ( you )?
Not yet
Is your peer making anything cool or awesome that you would like to note or applaud them on?
not yet..sorry
3. Does the project appear to follow correct coding styles and best practices? Write up one sentence on your findings and give a score 0-3.
Not at the moment, but I'm sure it will be

Are you able to reasonably follow the code without having anyone answer your questions?
Yes, but there is not very much to follow

Are you able to make sense of what the code is doing or is trying to do?
I'm getting a sense of what Jamie is trying to  build, but at this point, the code isn't doing it..

4. Find two pieces of code of any size: one that is readable and easy to follow and one that is difficult to follow and understand.
All of jamies code makes sence at the moment, but there is not very much there... But for example, the Cardadapter class is easy to read, clean, and make sence

What makes the readable code readable? Be as detailed as you can in your answer, it can be challenging to explain why something is easy to undertand
The Cardadapter class is easy to read, clean, and make sence
What makes the difficult code harder to follow? Be as detailed as you can in your answer.

5. High level project overview: Take a look at as many individual files as you have time for

Does this class make sense?
The classes that Jamie has at the moment, all make sence, and , from what I can guess that Jamie is trying to build, are classes that are relevant.
Does the structure of the class make sense?
Yes, but there are, at the moment, only 4

Is it clear what this class is supposed to do?
Sort of,  ( in terms of what they probably will do when jamie has added some code to them)
